?- consult('familyquery.pl').
true.

?- who_parent().
Parent: mohamed Child: ahmed
true ;
Parent: mariam Child: ahmed
true ;
Parent: ahmed Child: sahra
true ;
Parent: ahmed Child: hamza
true ;
Parent: fatima Child: sahra
true ;
Parent: fatima Child: hamza
true ;
Parent: sahra Child: yusuf
true ;
Parent: sahra Child: hafsa
true ;
Parent: ali Child: yusuf
true ;
Parent: ali Child: hafsa
true ;
Parent: hamza Child: abdi
true ;
Parent: hamza Child: zainab
true ;
Parent: hamza Child: omar
true ;
Parent: aisha Child: abdi
true ;
Parent: aisha Child: zainab
true ;
Parent: aisha Child: omar
true.

?- mohamed_ahmed_father().
true .

?- mariam_sahra_grandma().
true .

?- ahmed_fatima_married().
true .

?- zainab_omar_brother().
false.

?- fatima_omar_uncle().
false.

?- zainab_hafsa_cousin().
true .
